welcome to another poker profit com
production today we'll be playing a bit
of a limit poker our hero has just
posted the small blind and will pick up
action right from the beginning as
players muck their cards or limp in is
actually makes its way around the table
of first time we have another limper and
the mucker action on the dealer and
larry decides to raise would be a good
time for us to take a peek at our cards
in the hall we find an ace king that's a
good surprise they're not suited but
they're good enough so let's call
Larry's raise and his action proceeds
around the table a second-time players
are calling the raise it looks like
we'll have five players seeing flop and
raised pots so let's take a look at what
the cards bring the flop comes eight ace
Queen we've paired our aces we have a
fantastic kicker with the king and
that's probably the end of the good news
right now we're sitting on top pair top
kicker which is a good way to start it's
not a hand that I would expect to hold
up against for opponents especially when
the pots large and everybody's going to
be calling because there's a lot to win
in a little to invest we're out of
position will be the first to act and so
bedding in this situation is not
something that's going to protect our
hand by throwing three dollars on top of
a thirty dollar pot will be giving
players odds to call with all sorts of
things and that's not really what we
want to have happen instead I'm going to
take a chance I'd like to check in this
position it is a flop that looks like
somebody could have caught a piece of it
and will be hoping somebody bets
preferably later in the round so that we
have the opportunity to check raise them
maybe for some of our opponents out of
the hand so let's start this ball
rolling by checking call river boy
checks jopo checks frame asst checks I'd
hate to give a free card but Larry was
the preflop raiser so let's hope that
Larry is going to show some aggression
maybe throw a couple of chips out and he
does Larry bets which gives us the
opportunity to come over the top of them
and now call river boy is facing a six
dollar bed
instead of a three dollar bet he decides
to toss out his cards Joe paw marks as
well frame is much so that worked
wonderfully action on Larry Larry
decides to call let's see what the turn
brings five of diamonds doesn't complete
a flush draw isn't terribly scary
nothing's changed for us I'd like to
come and bet here see if we can't chase
Larry out and claim the pot right now so
let's bet Larry decides to call our bet
and we're going to see the river the
river pairs the board at this point and
I may be leaving a bed on the table I'm
not so sure that Larry doesn't have
something like ace Queen if if we bet
would be giving him in that situation a
chance to come over the top of us so
let's just check with the intention of
calling a bet if he makes one's check
here Larry doesn't d bet we'll call this
bet we have a $66 pot at this point in
time let's see what larry has in the
hole ace Jack it turns out that our ace
king beats ace Jack we're going to pick
up this pot and I think that when we
took the opportunity to protect our hand
even though the pot was large and we
were out of position it worked out for
us we were able to chase some players
out of the pot it turned out to be a
play that may have made the difference
in this pot so we're going to take these
chips and